Update JavavsCPP.md (#90)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/JavavsCPP.md

| ![http://www.pxleyes.com/images/users/S/Sarah06/3485/fullsize/4e5f610b59f3a.jpg](diffjavacpp/media/image1.jpeg) | ![http://www.cityofws.org/portals/0/images/police/storytime2\_233.jpg](diffjavacpp/media/image2.jpeg) |
Source: left - *pxleyes.com*, right - *[cityofws](http://www.cityofws.org)*

> 

Reviewer: I think we should create a heading and some explanatory sentence before showing the table so folks know that they are pretty much the same.

| ![http://www.pxleyes.com/images/users/S/Sarah06/3485/fullsize/4e5f610b59f3a.jpg](diffjavacpp/media/image1.jpeg) | ![http://www.cityofws.org/portals/0/images/police/storytime2\_233.jpg](diffjavacpp/media/image2.jpeg) |
Source: left - *pxleyes.com*, right - *[cityofws](http://www.cityofws.org)*

## Similarities to Past Education

> This following table will show just how similar Java and C++ really are,
> the simmilarities are great to see when coming into what seems like a big switch,
> this switch won't be as hard as you may assume, just look below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table below demonstrates just how similar Java and C++ really are.
Rest assured this switch won't be as hard as you may assume, just look below.
```

| Feature               | C++                  | Java                 |
|-----------------------|----------------------|----------------------|
| Syntax                | C-based syntax       | C-based syntax       |
| Object-Oriented       | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Classes and Objects   | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Inheritance           | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Polymorphism          | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Encapsulation         | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Abstraction           | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Memory Management     | Manual (new/delete)  | Automatic (Garbage   |
|                       |                      | Collection)          |
| Exception Handling    | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Standard Libraries    | STL                  | Java API             |
| Multithreading        | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Platform Independence | Depends on platform  | Write Once, Run      |

> |                       |                      | Anywhere (WORA)      |
> Most of what you have learned in C++ is still applicable in Java, the only major change is how to convey your knowledge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                       |                      | Anywhere (WORA)      |

Most of what you have learned in C++ is still applicable in Java, the only major change is how to convey your knowledge.
```

| Feature               | C++                  | Java                 |
|-----------------------|----------------------|----------------------|
| Syntax                | C-based syntax       | C-based syntax       |
| Object-Oriented       | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Classes and Objects   | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Inheritance           | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Polymorphism          | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Encapsulation         | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Abstraction           | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Memory Management     | Manual (new/delete)  | Automatic (Garbage   |
|                       |                      | Collection)          |
| Exception Handling    | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Standard Libraries    | STL                  | Java API             |
| Multithreading        | Yes                  | Yes                  |
| Platform Independence | Depends on platform  | Write Once, Run      |
|                       |                      | Anywhere (WORA)      |

> Most of what you have learned in C++ is still applicable in Java,the only major change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of what you have learned in C++ is still applicable in Java, the only major change
```
